Blue Current: migrate actions to dedicated action pages (#46105)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_actions/blue_current.start_charge_session.markdown

---
title: "Start charge session"
action: blue_current.start_charge_session
domain: blue_current
description: "Starts a new charge session on a Blue Current charge point."
---

Use this action to start a new charge session on one of your Blue Current charge points. You can optionally provide a charging card ID to start the session with a specific card.

> This is handy in automations, for example to start charging your car automatically when cheaper night-time electricity rates begin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is handy in an automation, for example, to start charging your car automatically when cheaper night-time electricity rates begin.
```
